Pragma is a programming language I decided to build to make systems development easier.  It uses very verbose, Java-like syntax but with more clarity and completeness.
- Transpiles to C
- Repository includes the following tools:
-- flags for quick AOT sanitzation through A/T/UBSan, CBMC, simple custom array out-of-bounds checker
-- flags for quick PGO and LTO optimization at runtime

Rust is popular and has institutional backing but many complain that it has/is:
- steep learning curve
- unintuitive/confusing syntax
- frustrating to work with when total memory safety isn't important

Pragma compromises by having easier-on-the-eyes syntax than either C or Rust, and provides the same memory safety as Rust.

How?
Blockchain technology

Hashes your source file with SHA-256 — that hash is the code's permanent identity.  When you run the verification pipeline, every tool's full output is collected, hashed, 
and bundled into JSON alongside the source hash and tool versions.  This is hosted on Pinata, which right now gives you 1 GB of space on the free tier.
Whenever someone requests the hash through IPFS, it checks and finds that hosting node and downloads it.  
It'll look something like this:
  "tool_results": [
    { "tool": "cbmc",     "version": "5.95.1", "passed": true,
  "output_hash": "a3f..." },
    { "tool": "asan+ubsan","version": "gcc 13.2.0", "passed": true,
  "output_hash": "b7c..." },
    { "tool": "tsan",     "version": "gcc 13.2.0", "passed": true,
  "output_hash": "d1e..." }
  ]

To verify any piece of code: hash the file yourself with sha256sum file.c, look up that hash in the on-chain registry, fetch the attestation from IPFS using the stored CID, and
optionally re-run CBMC and the sanitizers yourself if they used those.  You'll get byte-for-byte identical results. No trust required at any step. Same safety as Rust, less headache.
Basically the LLM's have made it where the mathematical part is now doable for everyday people - everything else was already there.  
